Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Again, we stand on our vision and motivation.
Again, this is the teaching of our gracious friend, Tibetan teacher, Buddha Chaturmani.
He gives so many different levels of teachings according to our individual readiness
so that they can follow, not the Buddha enforcing something and say,
"This is what all of us have to do."
Buddha, you lay out so many different techniques and skills and the nature of all those skills
and teachings are best completed on the completion of love and kindness,
joy and appreciation and respect for all living beings.
And to these trees, the glory is the nature of them, the glory is the nature of them.
Everyone here has it. So that is what our very gracious teacher is.
Again, to be retouching to that teaching.
This teaching is, of course, the Buddha gives the teaching, but reality is our nature.
Buddha just pointed out how much quality, richness and importance are really behind us,
even though we go through some, start so many different challenges up in the dawn's home,
but reality in nature never changes.
Nature is again, and nature is just really us to make that glorifying statement.
That's what the really teaching is, teaching all about that.
So with, again, kind of the completion of the gracious teacher of Buddha Shakyamuni
and all the great masters, all those masters are practicing it.
The great practitioners, and then such as Gurbel Masambhav, who is also a second Buddha.
Buddha Shakyamuni himself predicted Gurbel Masambhav,
upcoming Gurbel Masambhav, and Gurbel Masambhav is up all the teaching.
If Gurbel Masambhav did not say, "Oh, I'm the Buddha too. I'm going to give something different."
Gurbel Masambhav emphasized, exactly teaching what Buddha gave.
That's how he lay out, along with the great master Shakyamuni.
That's why I lay out in the debate.
When he established Buddhism in the debate, that's what he taught.
Every single aspect.
There is teaching of Gurbel Masambhav by Gama.
Gama teaching of Gurbel Masambhav.
Then my teaching of Gurbel Masambhav.
Every teaching is lined up, exactly what the greatest teacher of Buddha, Giva.
He always emphasized that, emphasized to uphold that teaching.
Gurbel Masambhav himself was as great practitioners.
He practiced and meditated in different caves, in different cemeteries,
in different places, all, all, and actualized realization.
Even he is already in light of status.
And then Shandara to the tree. That's why that way the Buddhism is one of the richest Buddhists,
the richest of the Buddha teaching that really astounded you, perfectly,
among all the Buddhist countries.
That's why great, great, his oneness,
what in Dali I'm explaining always, all this,
because of the beauty and kindness of these three great beings,
great master Gurbel Masambhav, great master Shandara Kheda,
great Dharma painter, the unshakeable courage and commitment, determination,
loyal and devoted Dharma, that he really liked to establish this teaching
that which will benefit the teacher of it and all,
because he's always concerned in the virtue of his subject, particularly in the course of beyond.
So it's the best something that I can make legacy and vision and benefit happiness to the teacher
that can ever learn his teaching.
That's what he made such a big effort, big core, courage and commitment.
At the beginning, some days, so many turbulence in that tree,
even though he is most powerful in that time in the Tibetan or in the Central Asia,
but yet he has struggled with so many reasons.
But through all this, his courage and commitment with assistance and blessings of the Gurbel Masamb
hav
and Shandara Kheda established a powerful, powerful, beautiful Buddha teaching.
From the foundation teaching, which could be called some kind of Hinayana,
all the way Doki teaching, really, completely.
The whole body of the teaching is completed.
They both treat the way.
Not just the both, the teaching translated only that,
but also his block of editing and organized so they can practice it.
They work in practice. As in Gurbel Masambhav and Shandara Kheda,
teaching and transmission and empowerment, they practice the meditation.
At that time, the short period of that, like in the 50 years short period,
there's so many great enlightenment being said, period, one after another.
Those are, we all heard 25 disciples and disciples from Gurbel Masambhav and Shandara Kheda,
and Bamanmata, as well as 70 or 80 Geba and Masvadath of Geba region.
That all happened in that period, in less than 100 years.
All that, really, the golden era of the realization and the scripture of the Buddha teaching,
it shines throughout the valley and the mountain and the land of the Tibet.
It just becomes a really beautiful, powerful, powerful and peaceful country.
And just through that, and then everyone is inspired through generation to generation.
Until now, I mean, that's really the, really, it's become one of the beautiful,
the upholders of Buddhism teachings that really are one of that great.
And so, again, we are talking to that teaching.
And particularly this time, we are really going to the Dokhi teaching,
which is the pinnacle teaching of the great teacher, Buddha Shatyamuni.
Oh, whether Samanabhadara or Garab Dorji or Barapayam or Samanam,
Bamanmata, their heart drop teaching.
Teaching, so we are really connected to that.
And then that's what we all know.
I'm again saying these things because we have respect and joy and appreciation
and thankful, grateful.
For as I said the other day, I mean, you know, we have so many reasons
to feel happy and joy and being grateful.
We are blessed ones, really, we are blessed ones.
And feel that really is true, true.
We are blessed ones in many ways, dharma level and as well as worldly levels,
all compared.
I mean, look to that around the world.
If it is a truly fast changing, how many people are going
through a different suffering, difficulty challenges?
All that, we heard this.
We heard that.
We see some drops on the technology level, all that.
But here, we are just really enjoying us.
We don't have any authority.
We just enjoy the curious and comfortable and very beautiful life's life.
And that is samsara level.
But in Buddhism, that's what we call the 18 endowment.
We have 18 college of that.
That's so special.
Really so special.
So even though we all agree, we have something very different.
Our mind is more connected with the love and kindness of people,
all living beings.
And then we are going to devote to dharma.
And then we devote to dharma.
And we have the worries of dharma.
All the different levels of the teaching is available.
And we can read and inspire ourselves.
All this is really so special and beautiful.
This is not also happened by accidentally or just happened
according to the Christian teacher of Buddha's teaching.
It is our something connection.
Fast, calm, real meaning.
Reconnect with that.
Now, it is our responsibility to glorify that.
We strengthen that.
So we make even better and more bright and more peaceful,
more rewarding to our lives of the come
and also beyond this our lives, continually.
That is our responsibility.
So yet, they have to bring joy and appreciation
and the kindness of complete thought, which is both each other.
Thinking more, living beings.
One, that our practice, meditation, studying,
contemplating, and meditation practice,
whatever, even one minute, two seconds,
we do really wish that we benefited
to all being really best upon the completion of the body,
that those are the techniques that are so important.
And we can remember.
Of course, we have so many consumption thought
that kind of even we have those beautiful things,
but we kind of ignored it and kind of went through
in the midst of so many other consumption.
It just went away.
But to highlight those beautiful thought
and just really dedicate the merit
for all the beings and to wish good things to everyone.
That is bodhicata practice.
Very simple, bodhicata, good heart.
And we learned that also teaching,
wishing bodhicata is just from the heart.
Wishing bodhicata and bodhicata too.
Wishing bodhicata and actualizing bodhicata.
Wishing bodhicata is from the heart.
Good things, wishing good things
for all the beings from the heart.
Sensitive.
Sensitive for two seconds a minute.
And that is [inaudible] and through those.
And then dedicate the merit of those.
And we can remember that.
That is what teaching makes it all the way.
And with those we were told, and then we go to that again.
And this is the key teaching.
We see everything is in three kayak state.
Three kayak state is the outer object
of the three kayak state.
In our mind is in three kayak state.
Everything and all, everything is in three kayak state.
It's like Dharmakaya, Sambukaya, and Dharmakaya state.
And they are also not three different individuals.
All different generations.
According to teaching, all is in all.
All the same Dharmakaya.
Within the Dharmakaya, it has all three kayak.
Within the Sambukaya, it has all three kayak.
Within the Dharmakaya, it has all three kayaks.
It's not something separated.
All the different generations like that.
And then what is Dharmakaya?
Dharmakaya is that the ekol is lokitiji.
We learn learning is like emptiness aspect
of the nature of the mind is Dharmakaya.
And then the clarity, the energy aspect
of the nature of the mind is Sambukaya.
And display of the movement of the mind is the Dharmakaya.
And the movement of the Dharmakaya is also known
as union of the emptiness and the clarity.
That's the union.
This Dharmakaya is a union of the emptiness and clarity.
So that means the Dharmakaya is a union
of the Dharmakaya and Sambukaya.
They are all called Dharmakaya and Sambukaya.
That is a pervasive continuity.
That is more, Dharmakaya is more engaged,
more healthy, more ushering to the others,
to benefit others.
That's called Dharmakaya South World.
An initiative translated roughly is emanation of poems.
Emination, nirma is emanation, kaya is a poem.
F-O-R-A-M poems, emanation of poems, poems.
That is nirma kaya.
That's the union of the clarity
and clarity of Sambukaya and Dharmakaya, union of them.
So again, see everything in that state.
The other day we went, and you all know that.
That we went in the course of Shabazzo.
Followed out the teaching.
There is the old basic three kayas
and then the reflection of the three kayas.
And basic three kaya is our own nature of the mind.
It's the best.